README.md, before:

# React


## Table of Contents

  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Author(s)](#authors)
  - [License](#license)


## Overview

This repository provides a clean, modern, and well-structured React project template following the best practices. It includes recommended folder structures, naming conventions, example components, and more. The goal is to show students how to set up professional-quality React applications.

1. Front-end (`/react`)

   - Contains the complete React application setup using Vite, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and React Router. It also includes template components, pages, routing, styling, and configuration files following the latest conventions.

2. Documents (`/docs`)

   - Holds project-related documentation and supporting files such as Word documents or PDFs for easy reference and project management.
     

## Author(s)

- **Twan Asselbergs** - [TwanAsselbergs](https://github.com/TwanAsselbergs)


## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE) License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Refactor README.md for improved structure and clarity

README.md, after:

# React

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Author(s)](#authors)
- [License](#license)

## Overview

A clean, modern, and well-structured React project template using Vite, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and React Router. It is preconfigured with best practices, a recommended folder structure, and aliasing. The goal is to help students set up professional-quality React applications with ease.

## Installation

Create a project folder, example: project-folder. Open the folder in Visual Studio Code and copy and paste this command inside the Visual Studio Code Terminal:

Using NPM?

```
npm create twanasselbergs/react-ts .
```

Using Bun?

```
bun create twanasselbergs/react-ts .
```

Next, head into the react folder, install all dependencies, and run the local development server.

```
cd react && bun i && bun run dev
```

## Folder Structure

1. Front-end (`/react`)

   - Contains the complete React application setup using Vite, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and React Router. It also includes template components, pages, routing, styling, and configuration files following the latest conventions.

2. Documents (`/docs`)

   - Holds project-related documentation and supporting files such as Word documents or PDFs for easy reference and project management.

## Author(s)

- **Twan Asselbergs** - [TwanAsselbergs](https://github.com/TwanAsselbergs)

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE) License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
